Improve documentation (#321)
kimai/www.kimai.org: _documentation/user-preferences.md

## Timezone

> The user-specific timezone is used when recording users' timesheet entries. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The user specific time zone is used when recording user timesheet entries. 
```

## Language

> Which language should be used as a primary source for translations (if a specific translation is missing for your language, the fallback will always be english).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Which language should be used as the primary source for translations (if a specific translation for your language is missing, the fallback will always be English).
```
